## Chapter 2
The death of 'A' made me realize, I want people to know my story, I want to be heard. There is nothing special there but I believe my life wasn't ordinal. It took me a while to come up with an idea on how to start a book, there are so many thoughts going on my head that sometimes I wander , isn't it an addiction ? Once I was reading a book by  Anne Lamott "Bird by Bird" where she explains how to be a writer. On the first Chapter she left a passage, If you don't know where to start, start from your childhood. So as John Lennon said 'Let it be'.

### Childhood
I was born in 1997, in Post USSR country called Kazakhstan. You probably never heard of it , or if you did I bet it's because of this movie that recently got a sequel. My mother was 21 when she gave me a birth, for 24 years old me it sounds weird, I can't imagine being someone's father knowing whom I was at my early twenties.
She was an educated woman who enjoyed math and physics and used to be one the best students in the course. My father however, was somehow different, he wasn't really interested in siting on a chair and studying complicated math formulas, but he was a cunning person who knew people's psychology , so if some subjects were hard pass through , he would just talk to professor and she somehow will help him(still can't understand how he did it).

They were married for 11 years, but whole my childhood I knew, something wasn't right. My mother was really angry all the times, my father liked to spend his nights on bars with friends. My memories of that time are a little bit vague, but I remeber them fighting and trust me , they did it all the times. When I did something my father didn't like , he would send me to his mother's place which is 60 km away from my home. It was a nice farm in a rural place, we had sheeps and chickens, our own big garden so there are always were work to do. Nevertheless, I didn't like this place. It was boring there, I was the youngest child and trust me, when you are the youngest among 5-6 brothers around, the experience isn't enjoyable.
I remember coming back home after spending my summer there, my mother couldn't recognize me , I was as skinny as I just escaped a nazzy camp. 

You know how kids in elementary school behave.They usually cruel and try to find the weekest looser so others will look cooler. I was the quitests person there. I remeber a situation when two boys were fighting till one of them start bleeding. 
Teacher helped to calm them down. Afterword she said that if they could behave like me , none of those would happen. Behave like me ? She meant not being able to talk because you are afraid your father will send you to farm or being quite so mother who always angry on her husband spending his nights somewhere else will forget about your existance ? Of course she didn't have it in mind , but trust me, those quite kids, they wasn't born like this, there is something going on in their heads which keep them quite.

When I was around 9 it became clear. It would be a divorse. At that time my father already left us and started living with his new girlfriend(which became his new wife right after all documents for legal divorce were ready). My mother became disconnected, she didn't have a job, she was anxious and didn't talk much neither did it I. The only thing that made a sound was a TV playing my favorite cartoons which I could watch hours just to forget about this shitty reality.

One day I was doing my homework when my mother and granny came to me and explained the situation. I have to go with parents to judge and tell him whom I choose to live with. Mother left room, I start crying, just imagening me looking at my parents eyes and choosing one of them made me feel worthless. I didn't want it. I think my mother got it , till this day I don't know what happened but I didn't have to visit a judge, I was staing with my mom.

Time passed. Mother got a job, I was studing at school by morning and wathcing TV at home till mother would come back. She always was angry on me watching cartoons , we even had few fights on this matter(all these times I just kept being quite, the thing I did best). So I made a strategy, I knew she comes at around 7 P.M, so starting from 6:30 I would go to the balcony every few minutes and check if she is coming, If I can notice her, then I turn off TV, go to my room and pretend doing homework. The plan worked well for a while, until one day I forgot about the time, and when someone started unlocking the door, I had an adrenalin boost. In few seconds before door was opened I turn off tv, ran back to my room and picked up the book. Of course mother heard me running and so we got another fight all over again. I am glad nowadays people have alarms on their phones, I hope another child 
with similar story would be smarter than me and use it to clean up before her parents could notice.

I think I am giving an impression of some kid from movies who doesn't want to study , spend time with weird friends drinking alchohol and smoking weed. I can assure you , I wasn't. Despite of my addiction watching cartoons, I was one of the best schoolboy at my class.
My mother stopped controlling me as soon as all these divorse thing happened. So I was on my own. I didn't thing the subjects we were given were interesting, I just didn't want to 
disappoint my mum so I kept studing. Back at my that time, schools had a requirment, every child has to have a diary which she brings to school, each page in a diary is a weekly calendar with your subjects and marks you got for that week. Every Weekend you were supposed to show it to your parents and they have to leave a sign for this week. It allows your parents to know how their kid is doing. In my case, however, my mom taught me how to make her sign so I didn't have to worry having bad marks there, I kept studing well anyway.

