# Chapter 5
## The day I met 'A'
I am not sure if fifth chapter is good enough for a person who gave me a motivation to start writing but I think it was important to understand my background first. Once my parents got divorced and after all the things I observed it somehow changed the way I thought about family values. Nervous mother, drank father and lies, a lot of lies. From my early childhood I was told by mum to never say anything about the family to others, but I guess I took it a way too deeper. I was afraid to tell anyone about things I enjoyed , about sections I attended after the school or doubts I had on my mind. The worst part, I start believing that other families work the same way. Parents and kids who pretend to be happy around people so neighbors won't have any talks about you but who will be silent and depressed once left alone. Why do I need a family if it sucks so much ? I remember saying it when I was around 16. Isn't it better to live alone and dedicate your live to something meaningful like, I don't know, earning million dollars because money bring happiness, are they not ? 

It also gave me an excuse because I had an incredible hard time finding a girlfriend. I was afraid of girls and was afraid of my mum accusing me. You see, back when my uncle got divorced his already previous wife didn't leave things as they were. She started sleeping with uncle's friends to heart him. She came to his work telling the shit about what a horrible husband he was. Useless to say that he was fired after all. My mother hated her, and so she decided to give a valuable advice to her 12 years old sun. If you find a girlfriend, make sure she is from wealthy family , never talk to her about your friends and don't talk about your work either. Nothing crazy but it completely ruined the way I start seeing girls. I was afraid that if I find someone she will turn her back on me and will ruin my life the same way my uncle's life was ruined. 
The first thing I would ask girls is how wealthy their families are. If someone has a chart of best pickup lines I think this one would score the first place especially when you ask it from schoolgirl who doesn't even know what poor family means.

I don't believe in god but I do believe in karma. I believe that universe saw all the shit I was going through with my crazy family and decided to give me a chance. This chance was 'A'.

It was a sunny weekday , time was showing 7 P.M, all my classes were over so me and my friends decided to play a football outside. Nothing crazy just regular kids playing a ball. After a while an adult came over with his 2-3 years old sun and asked if kid could join us. Sure, why not. We passed the ball to him that he caught and then he made few kicks on his own. The adult was 'A' and this little boy was his first and only sun Ilay. When we got bored playing we went sitting in street's pavilion and start talking about games and school. The 'A' was still there, for some reasons I don't understand he start talking to us about the time he was the same age and things he used to discuss with his mates. We start talking and the topic changed to the flowness of life. Nice talk, when parents started calling us we went back for dinner. And so it was over, the day I met 'A'.

After few days I realized, this person was a neighbor of mine. I would see him occasionally playing with his kid or going home with groceries. Each time I would stop and have a little conversation on things that going on at my school, he , in return would say something about his job and how happy he was for my education progress. It was nice, the thing I didn't feel talking with my mom. One day when I was walking around ,'A' was going back home from his work. As always we shared greetings and he invited me to join him for dinner, his wife cooked something special at that day. So I you thing that an adult inviting kid for dinner has something to do with sexual abuse, please go to the doctor, there are nice people, don't just blindly follow the trends in the media. And so I joined him and it was the first time I saw his apartments. It was a cosy place with two rooms and big Kitchen. The smell of a freshly made soup pervaded in the air. I shared greeting with his wife, said hello to Ilay and went to washroom to clean my hands. His wife served us a meal and they were talking about the day. 'A' started a conversation with latest news on a project he was working on, his wife talked about her's then. She asked me what Am I interested in out of the school, and so I start talking about the game I was playing online and how good my skills were. Just a regular dinner, but the thing is , this dinner changed the way I start seeing families. Husband and wife eating together after the work, smiling and talking, cleaning the dishes afterword and then playing with their 2 years old son. I almost start crying but was emberrased so I went to the washroom and stayed there until my nervous calmed down. 
> \- That's what I want...

I said back then sitting in the washroom. I thanked them for dinner and went back home, my mother was watching TV, she asked if I was hungry , I said that I had a supper in my friends place. And so we went silent again and I went to my room to finish the homework. Quite room with bright lights pointing to my table. Quite and lonely.
