## Chapter 3 
### Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
I've never been drunk, really. Some of my close friends know the reason, but for others it is always surprising. When me and my coworkers go to a pub on Friday night to celebrate new release of a product we are working on I just order tea, or if the matter is really important then maybe a glass of wine. There are some movies from 90-th where bunch of kids get drunk but one of them is always sober and helps others to go home safely, I think this image was drawn from my personality. 

> \- Why don't you drink ? (coworker)<br>
> \- Well, I am already having fun so I don't need an alcohol to enjoy<br>this moment we spend together (Me)

Which is true but that's not the only reason. One moment I remember as it happened yesterday , I was around 8 because I was playing with computer that father bought me. It was an evening or night , I heard someone coming home. It was my father , but he was angry, you can understand it from the shaking sound of the closed door. My mother locked my room and I was pretending being engrossed with computer stuff. Parents went to the bedroom and my father start yelling. It was loud. I bet it got attention of all our neighbors. After some blows my mother start crying. It was over, I think he achieved his goal and went to the kitchen as all heroes do to get some supper. I left a room , went to the bedroom quietly so nobody could hear me walking and saw my mother, she turned off the light and was sitting in a bad. I could smell something as soon as father came home, this thick flagrancy of a beer. Till this day I am afraid , I am afraid turning to something my father was when he got drunk. I don't want to heart anyone , If I ,do it would heart me more.

I think the problem with alcohol follows all of my family members. My uncle(mother's brother) was a great and funniest guy I've ever known. All the time my family from mother side will visit granny , we will chat and uncle(whom I will refer to as 'L') will tell us stories or comment ours which always made them better. 
I also have two cousins , three of us could play with 'L' for hours. He taught us how to play cards and chess. Believe me or not, I still think he is the greatest grand master who didn't have a chance to prove it to the world. Sometimes he would sit in the bedroom and start playing guitar . I couldn't get it , how can you make such a clear sound. From that time I knew, one day I will learn how to play it(I still didn't).

'L' was my hero, all the time he had some business to do , I would join him. He would drive us to the office or a car store to repair something. It could take us hours or the whole day , we didn't stop for a lunch or any sort of a break and none of us ever complained. Not that I wasn't hungry. I just didn't want show it. My main goal was for my uncle to be proud of me, to see me as unbreakable kid who could endure hours of boring routine without saying anything. God I miss these time.

However 'L' had a problem. He divorced his first wife. She was manipulative,didn't work , and used all his money to indulge herself into expensive things which I could see even at that age. It took him 5 years and his mother's help to understand it. But he was in loved with her anyway."Love teaches a good person to do bad and a bad person to do good." and for sure it did. He blamed my granny all the time as a reason for his divorce. He was blindly in love with her and didn't see his feature without this person being around. As a result he start looking for a cure in alcohol. All his funny stories would turn into hours of screams and complains. I couldn't understand , how man like this could turn to this depressed substance right after having some shots of Vodka. The first impression is the strongest one you would have. My first impression about alcohol is that it makes people angry, it makes them depressed, it wakes up all your hidden pain and allows you to turn it against people you love. I didn't believe movies showing how people became happy after few glasses and start laughing and recall some warn memories of the past. The truth about alcohol was here and it was depressing.

> \- Why don't you drink(my best friend)<br>
> \- Because I am afraid of my hidden emotions, I am afraid they could wake up and heart you. I am afraid of myself.

