# Chapter 4
## 1000 thousands hour rule or an idea for my first Documentary
So let's return to my uncle. I was around 12 , he got divorced and was living with granny in a rural place. After being bored for a long time he decided to make a purchase, the most expansive PC in a market. My own Pentium 4 couldn't compete with it but that wasn't the main thing. The main thing was , he bought a subscription from the telephone company and got a connection to the thing called "Internet". By that time most of my friends already had it at home plus general plan to have few gigabytes per month on their phones. I was an exception. My mother didn't want me to have Internet at home, why , well you know what parents usually think, as soon as you start browsing the web you would forget about education, and start selling drugs online. 

I knew what Internet was from my computer classes, for me it was Internet Explorer and Microsoft Bing where you can search for something related to your subject. But I didn't realize one big thing , you could play games online without physically sitting in one room. The only games I played at home were offline single players. At that time my favorite one was Half Life 2. Every kid has a game that changes her view on game industry , for me it was this master peace by Valve. I finished it more than a hundred times, the plot , the gameplay , the physics, everything was perfect there. Unfortunately I lost the CD disk with game and because of some problems with my Windows XP, it had to be reinstalled and so I lost the game. 

After the divorce of my parents there was a period when I still hang out with my father. He would usually invite me somewhere to have a nice meal and ask about my progress as school which was good(remember, I had one of the greatest grades at class). One day we went to game shop, a place that sells CD disks with games. I didn't know new trends in game industry so I would just read the back page of a disk with a detailed description of every new game I haven't seen yet. At that day I saw one yellow box. It looked tempting so decided to give a try, I took it a from a shelf and saw half life 2 the game I once lost. After begging my father to buy for half an hour he reluctantly agreed. I was impatiently waiting on our trip back home(he didn't live with us, but he would drop me in a street where my home was). Without washing my hands I rushed to my PC , put the disk into CD-ROM , opened the installer and was shocked. It wasn't a regular game installed I get used to see where you just press Next few times and choose a folder to install this game in .
Instead it showed the title "Welcome to Orange Box from Stream , Unfortunately you don't have Internet connection, please contact your provider to fix the issue and continue with Installation". Wait what ? What is Steam and why do I need an internet connection to install the game. I was furious, now imagine 12 years old me complaining to the stuff in a shop I got a disk from about this Steam stuff. They reluctantly told me that the only way to install is to use Internet, and I can't get my money back because back then , nobody game a fuck on consumer's rights. Wait a minute, my uncle has an Internet so next time I go to visit my granny I will bring a disk with me, sounds like a plan.

And so I was waiting for a Saturday , got I disk and me with my mother went to granny in our car.
When we came it was a dark evening outside already , after having a supper I went to my Uncle's room to install the game. It asked me to create a credentials . What the hell is it ? Hm Ok I have to come up with 
a name and a password. There was a guy "Trey" in my favorite anime called "Shaman King", so why not to use it. I chose a password, wrote it down on a peace of paper in case I will forget it. And then installation started. After waiting around half an hour it was finished, a Stream launcher has opened and suggested me to open a game, so I did. But the that was opened wasn't the one I expected, I was still a Half Life but with a different wall paper and different menu, instead of Play button I was given a list of servers to join. I picked one , pressed "OK" and was amazed. I joined the server where other people just like me we running around and talking to each other through microphones. I coudn't believe, it's exactly the same feeling as I had in a computer club but here you can play right from your home.

I got an endless amount of endorphin to my brain playing this game so till this day that's my favorite game. Gameplay was simple enough, you have a standard pack of guns when I start playing, better guns are spread across the map, all of them are originated from original Half Life 2 game. When you die you just respawn after 30 seconds in one of the predefined positions(I still remember just sitting around of those position waiting someone to appear here after the death without good weapons so I can easily kill them). There were two mods , one is a deathmatch , a word created by Doom authors which basically mean you have a group of people and you kill each other, another was team deathmatch where people are divided into two groups and play against each other. 

The most appearing part was, as I said, is that you are playing with real people, you could create a room in a Skype(at that time Zoom and discord didn't exist) and play together talking about shit. I made friends , we would create our clan and invite more people to join, we would create groups in social media to talk about gameplay strategies, we would play against another clan and get nothing but respect in return.

I found my new addiction and it was multiplayer game nobody in my environment heard of. At that time people of my age were playing different games, and nobody ever heard of Half life before. Every week I would be waiting for weekend to come so I can go to my grandmother place and play two days. I could play 10 hours straight, go to sleep at 5 A.M on Sunday  wake up after 5 hours and play until my mother would take me back home. At one point my mother got bored driving so we stopped going there but I was very persuasive so she allowed me to travel by my own . And so I did, using 3 buses with 2 hours ride in total I would go there by my own every Saturday right after the school(the place was around 50 Km away from my home).

Have you heard of this expression "You have to Spend 10000 hour on a thing to master it "? Back then I didn't. The Steam has a nice feature that shows you a personalized statistics, after first year of me playing the game every weekend I got 5000 hour, 5000 hour that I could spend on anything else but I spent them playing online with my friends that I lost right after they gave up playing the game. After the third year I got 10000 and so it goes. On my side I can say for sure, it helped me to master the game. Some enthusiast were making world championship events back then where people in a groups of two were playing against each other. You can be thinking, nowadays the group who will Dota or CS GO tournament would make millions dollars in revenue, but back then you got nothing apart from The World best player title. I always joined these events with a friend of mine that I met online from another country , we never won but we always got high positions. People are socialized animals, for me that socium was all the players who loved the same game as I do.

Unfortunately for me , my uncle soon found a new girlfriend that he married. They bought a house and moved together, silly to say but they god a PC with them and declined a contract with telephone company to have an Internet connection. At that time I was around 16. After few years my mother setup Internet in our own place , the first thing I did was to install Half Life. I opened the Stream to talk to all my friends I missed so much but none of them were there. I later found that most of them went to University and gave up playing. The game itself lost the majority of users because of the patch Valve made that changed gameplay physics dramatically(you basically had to le learn how to play from scratch ). And so I lost the interest too. 

Till this day I miss the feeling of playing it with my friends. I know it sounds childhish and even If I play it now emotions won't be the same ,but still I want to believe that they will, don't crash my stupid believe.

One of my favorite movie genre is Documentaries, not those you watch on TV sponsored by big Advirtisment companies. No, I am talking about Indie documentaries made by people from different industricties or people with common hobbies . These documentaries are always hand made, never shown on TV and have around few thousand views in total. For example the latest documentary I was watching was about people who once per year compete with each other for a title of the fastest cube solver in a planet. Or guy's journey on his first 100 mile marathon. I enjoy when I see same people as me with same problems or same simple thing they enjoy doing not because it gives them money , but just because they enjoy the process itself. If one day I have enough motivation and time I would find all the people who were playing with , I would ask them to visit their homes to have a nice dinner, and then when their family will be busy watching TV or doing something normal families do at evenings I would ask my old friends to record an interview on their journey with Half Life, on what they felt back then playing with other people and participating on tournaments that didn't give any money. 

One day...